It's not even on yet
Try again
Yes, yes
Sing a song
What happened in EP?
Sing a sweet song
Shut up, I'm Asmi's Actress
What happened in EP?
If you back it up, it will be there
Yes
EP is in Class Conducted 11
Jan
Which is
And
And other one is
And in 18 Jan, there is another one
And WLT workshop
Date and content finalize
And also
IT classes were in 11th
Now it is in 19th
And WLT book is going on
And then
We have to follow up with Kamal sir
About proposal
And
For Manang trip
22nd Feb
We have planned tentatively
For that time
And
About CP
We have to visit Kashmir on Saturday
But his health
Is a little unwell
He said he will come this month
Jan's mother's month
And
Moving forward to
PBL 6 and 7
Sri Krishna's
And
I do complain about Industry
Because Historic
Yeah
So
Tea
and we are planning to pay the bills for the rest of the trip
PBL 7 and 6 are preparing for the final event
which is on 29th Jan 2021
We are scheduling PBL 7 on 31st Jan 2021
We have already planned for it
We have already planned for the thermos package
which is on 6th and 7th Jan 2021
We are planning for the mid-event on 7th Jan 2021
We are planning for the mid-event on 8th Jan 2021
So these are the updates
Thank you so much